
 0  FIXED & PULLED Script should check at beginning whether it was run with superuser priviliges

 1  PUDGE WORKING ON (1 5 & 7 ARE RELATED) Assistance with parted - could actually count how much space you may assign to partitions

 2  In my case parted was unable to inform kernel with partition changes, partprobe didn’t work either,
    so I had to reboot - but that’s out of the script scope.

 3  FIXED & PULLED Why ping isn’t self checking for success and prompting user for input?

 4  FIXED & PULLED NTP - same as above

 5 PUDGE WORKING ON  Script isn’t checking the /dev/sdx existence, instead it tries to perform install on whatever
   you type (except for /dev/ path). I put /dev/sds (which in real life could be a typo from /dev/sda,
   and user will just pass y in next question just to move on) and script tried to install on non-existing drive
   a) it should either check for device existence and correct partitioning
   b) or script should break right after first failed command, as this mean something is wrong and
   install won’t succeed anyway.

 6  Script shouldn’t print output of commands, instead it could ptint nice colored output like:
   formatting SWAP partition... OK  etc.

 7  PUDGE WORKING ON Automatic partitioning would be nice with single question on which device to use - selecting by
    nice name (e.g. producent and model + /dev/sdx path), with option to choose if you’d like to
    perform manual install.

 8  Country codes should be stripped of entries like ‘posix’ and parsed to more readable format

 9  Again no self-check (above)

10  TZ should be selected automatically if there is only one tz in country

11  ‘Is this correct’ questions are annoying when you see them for n’th time even when setting
    hostname - which is not that mission-critial (or it is in later steps?)

12  Again perform autocheck of mirrorlist and keyring install success.

13  parse output from installation of git etc. It looks like pacman is prompting user for interaction
    ( Proceed with installation? [Y/n] )

14  AMENDED BY PUDGE, STILL NEEDS MORE DISCUSSION Why last octet of ip address? and why limited from 100 to 245?

15  Why there is start job waiting for /sys/subsystem/net/devices/wlan0 ?

16 There could be question about any other packages that user may want to install before reboot.
   I hadn’t ‘dialog’ installed, which made wifi-menu unavailable and I was effectively without
   network after reboot.
.
